---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-02-02T00:18:54.111Z'
dateModified: '2016-02-02T00:12:52.599Z'
title: ''
author: []
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
sourcePath: _posts/2016-02-02-7cab38ca-b566-4764-8bcb-20ecd425c45d.md
published: true
url: 7cab38ca-b566-4764-8bcb-20ecd425c45d/index.html
_type: Article

---
**[Testing... 1,2,3][0]**

Yes I'm testing The Grid, it's the A.I driven web platform blog thing that supposedly creates a website/blog using A.I. But I'm also going to be testing me out. Wow.. deep right?  
I'm testing me out as in it's time to break through my world and self imposed prison I put myself in... mentally. You see many years ago I was told -   
"You're not creative! You don't even look creative."  
That was a great way to knock down any talent I might have had. I was too easily influenced by a comment from a bozo. From someone who had no real ability to judge me, my potential talent, nor should they. But they did and I accepted it as wisdom at the time and kept on doing the spreadsheet work. Making money for the "bozo" and just living my life with no appreciation for what the creator might have actually put inside of me.   
So this year I've decided to really push through this mental frame, this prison. Sure, I've been slowly working my way out of it with my photography - a God-send. It's kept me sane and allowed me to express myself in ways I'd not tried before. It's allowed me to meet new people that I now call friends. It's also allowed me to reach people with friendship and love - like I said a God-send.  
So this year is the year I push myself. Try new things, take some chances and hopefully create some photos that I feel are good. More importantly, photos that you (the model - whoever you might be) also feel are good, maybe even love?

[0]: null